Tell me about it.
What did they do to you just now?
Brother supports you
brother
General Qi was just going to lead his troops to punish us severely
How are you, Qi Jiajun?
Let them come.
You can try arm-wrestling with the Dragon Temple
See if you hit an egg with a stone
His Royal Highness was just about to send me to Niguta
He also threatened me with never returning to the capital
Humph
This world values strength
If the prince really does this
You can see the position of the prince at that time
Or does it belong to him, dare you?
And him
I really don't know what this amazing doctor is thinking
I don't want only slaves to serve me
I just fell in love with Sanglin, a lowly little tailor
Oh boy
My sister takes a fancy to you as your ancestor
Hmph, really dismissive
As for you, that's it
I also have the guts to rob my sister of a man
I don't know
But not only that.
Brother, did I tell you who you are?
How dare they attack me?
But fortunately, the triple kill star you sent is amazing.
Otherwise I'm afraid I won't see you
Now that I know it's my sister, I dare to do it
How dare you
I'd rather see where I am today
Who else dares to touch a hair on my sister?
Somebody take it for me